Asking for Permission or Time Off
Level: A1
Lesson Type: Can Do

Sentence Structure: "I would like to request [leave/permission] because [reason]."

Pre Test Questions:

1. "I would like to request a day off because I have a medical appointment tomorrow."
2. "I would like to request permission to leave early because I have a family function."
3. "I would like to request work from home permission because I have a personal commitment."
4. "I would like to request two days of leave because I have a family event to attend."
5. "I would like to request half a day off because I have a hospital visit in the morning."
6. "I would like to request permission to attend an external training because it is relevant to my role."
7. "I would like to request casual leave because I am not feeling well today."
8. "I would like to request permission to come in late because my commute is disrupted."
9. "I would like to request three days of leave because I need to travel for a family matter."
10. "I would like to request permission to swap my shift because I have a prior commitment."

Post Test Questions:

1. "I would like to request a week off because I am getting married next month."
2. "I would like to request permission to work remotely because my home office is more convenient this week."
3. "I would like to request study leave because I have an important examination coming up."
4. "I would like to request a half day because I need to attend a parent-teacher meeting."
5. "I would like to request emergency leave because of a sudden family situation."
6. "I would like to request permission to take a long lunch break because I have a bank appointment."
7. "I would like to request compensatory off because I worked on a public holiday last week."
8. "I would like to request permission to leave the office premises because I have a client visit."
9. "I would like to request annual leave because I have not taken any break in six months."
10. "I would like to request maternity leave because my due date is approaching next month."
